docs: clarify security semantics of safeStorage (#42666)
electron/electron: docs/api/safe-storage.md

Process: [Main](../glossary.md#main-process)

This module adds extra protection to data being stored on disk by using OS provided cryptography systems. Current
security semantics for each platform are outlined below.

> * **macOS**: Encryption keys are stored for your app in Keychain Access in a way that without user override prevents
> other applications from loading them. Thus protecting content from other users and other apps running in the same userspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **macOS**: Encryption keys are stored for your app in Keychain Access in a way that prevents
other applications from loading them without user override. Therefore, content is protected from other users and other apps running in the same userspace.
```

> other applications from loading them. Thus protecting content from other users and other apps running in the same userspace.

Reviewer: dumb question, but is there any documentation we can point to (or added explanation) about what "apps running in the same userspace" means? Does that mean that an application running as Root will bypass this restriction?

Author: > Does that mean that an application running as Root will bypass this restriction?

No, but on macOS root can be used to sign in to other users so 🤷

> * **Windows**: Encryption keys are generated via [DPAPI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/dpapi/nf-dpapi-cryptprotectdata),
> per Windows documentation typically only a user with the same logon credential as the user who encrypted the data can
> decrypt the data. Therefore content is protected from other users on the same machine, but not from other apps running in the
> same userspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Windows**: Encryption keys are generated via [DPAPI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/dpapi/nf-dpapi-cryptprotectdata).
As per the Windows documentation: "Typically, only a user with the same logon credential as the user who encrypted the data can typically 
decrypt the data". Therefore, content is protected from other users on the same machine, but not from other apps running in the
same userspace.
```

* **Linux**: Encryption keys are generated and stored in a window manager specific secret store, this can vary depending on
your linux setup. Options include (but aren't limited to) `kwallet`, `kwallet5`, `kwallet6` and `gnome-libsecret`. As such the

> security semantics of content protected via `safeStorage` varies between window managers and secret stores.

Author: "not limited to" just covers us incase Chrome adds new support for a thing

> security semantics of content protected via `safeStorage` varies between window managers and secret stores.

Reviewer: Updated the suggestion to reflect that since I think it could be a point of ambiguity for readers.
